OmniStat de-escalation talks
at a stalemate.
KrugerSec focusing
on rooftop security.
Bryson senior eXec to step down,
following employ hazard scandal.
Reflection: A step, or a leap forward?
Glass Giants beat Cascadia Primals
in the most intense game of the season.
Hello, I'm Aurore Lupain-Tanner,
and this is Glass Daily News.
The ongoing de-escalation
talks with OmniStat
-reached a definite stalemate today,
with neither side willing to give ground.
Cascadian diplomats expressed severe
frustration with what they described as
-"typical OmniStat bullheadedness",
while OmniStat itself declined to comment.
Tensions have been rising steadily
along the border for the past six months
-with KrugerDef responding
to a sudden OmniStat troop buildup.
One senior KrugerDef officer voiced
his growing concern saying that:
"All it takes now is a single spark and
this thing will explode in our faces".
The Conglomerate board urges calm, saying
that: "Every possible effort is being made
-to resolve this situation in a peaceful
manner and should this prove impossible,
-we are well prepared to face any OmniStat aggression".
In Glass; Gabriel Kruger, CEO of KrugerSec,
has launched a new employ safety
-initiative, focusing on hitherto secluded
rooftop worlds of our beautiful city.
KrugerSec is assembling several security hubs there, in order to increase their presence all over the city.
"We've been seeing an increase in policy
breaking activity on the rooftops lately,
and we aim to nip this in the bud before
the situation gets out of hand", said Kruger
-and continued: "The end result will be a safer and sounder city where all employs can thrive in peace".
The Bryson board yesterday decided to terminate the contract with Stetson Unger,
-a senior eXec with their HR divison.
Unger, whose fast rise to eXec level was
hailed by Bryson as a prime example of
-employ upward mobility, was burdened with the
full accountability for the Greyland megaFactory
-explosion last month, which killed
25 lowCaste employs, and injured 65 more.
Mr. Unger has declined to comment.
With the imminent launch of Reflection,
MMG has produced a series of programs,
-taking a close look at this new groundbreaking
technology, and how it will affect our daily lives.
A retrospective will look into the history
of both Reflection and Silvine Systems,
-and we will host several panels discussing
the amazing implications moving forward.
Employs all over Cascadia are keeping
a close watch on Glass ever since
-we were chosen to be the proving ground.
A rare opportunity to get a taste of
the future before everyone else.
Finally, in what some describe as the
most intense match of the season, Glass
-beat Cascadia Prime 10 to 9
in this weekend's game.
The first two quarters were all about positioning
and even posturing, with players on both teams
-performing amazing feats.
But the real action started in the third quarter
when Glass broke out of the fold and took a
-solid lead closely followed by Cascadia Prime
who almost caught up in the end.
Accolades go to Oscar Frederick and Martin Cold,
who both scored several times.